Corn and Crab Beignets With Yaji Aioli

Ingredients
½ cup unsalted dry-roasted peanuts
2 Tbsp. ground ginger
1 tsp. cayenne pepper
1 tsp. Diamond Crystal or ½ tsp. Morton kosher salt
1 tsp. garlic powder
1 tsp. onion powder
1 tsp. paprika
2 large egg yolks
1 Tbsp. fresh lemon juice
¾ cup peanut oil
1 small shallot, finely chopped
1 garlic clove, finely grated
2 Tbsp. thinly sliced chives
Kosher salt
4 Tbsp. unsalted butter
10 oz. frozen corn (about 2 cups)
2 Tbsp. thinly sliced chives
1½ cups all-purpose flour
½ cup cornmeal
2 tsp. baking powder
1½ tsp. Diamond Crystal or ¾ tsp. Morton kosher salt
½ tsp. cayenne pepper
1 large egg, beaten to blend
1 cup buttermilk
8 oz. lump crabmeat, picked over
Vegetable oil (for frying; about 6 cups)

Preparation
YAJI SPICE BLEND
Pulse peanuts in a food processor until very finely chopped (be careful not to go too far; if you overprocess, the peanuts will turn into butter). Add ginger, cayenne, salt, garlic powder, onion powder, and paprika and pulse until powderlike.
Do ahead: Yaji can be made 3 months ahead. Transfer to an airtight container; cover and chill or freeze.
AIOLI
Whisk egg yolks and lemon juice in a medium bowl to combine. Whisking constantly, add oil, starting with just a few drops at a time and gradually increasing to a fine steady stream. Whisk until all of the oil is incorporated and mixture is emulsified, about 4 minutes. Whisk in shallot, garlic, chives, and 1 Tbsp. yaji spice blend. Taste and season with salt.
Do ahead: Aioli can be made 3 days ahead. Cover and chill.
BEIGNETS AND ASSEMBLY
Melt butter in a medium high-sided skillet over medium heat. Add corn and cook, stirring occasionally, until softened slightly and bright yellow, about 5 minutes. Transfer to a large bowl and stir in chives; let cool.
Meanwhile, whisk flour, cornmeal, baking powder, salt, and cayenne in a medium bowl.
Add egg and buttermilk to corn mixture and stir to combine. Add dry ingredients and stir again just to incorporate, then fold in crabmeat.
Pour in oil to come 1½" up sides of a large pot or deep fryer. Fit pot with thermometer and heat oil over medium-high to 350°. Place a wire rack inside a rimmed baking sheet and line rack with paper towels. Working in 4 or 5 batches, scoop out heaping tablespoons of batter, carefully place in oil (8–10 per batch) and fry, turning often, until beignets are golden brown and cooked through, about 5 minutes. Transfer beignets to prepared rack; season with salt.
Serve beignets warm with yaji aioli for dipping.