Chicken Pot Pie with Biscuits

Ingredients
1 1/2 cups chopped yellow onion (1 medium)
4 Tbsp unsalted butter
1/4 cup all-purpose flour
2 1/3 cups low-sodium chicken broth*
1 cup half and half
3/4 tsp dried thyme, or 2 tsp minced fresh
3/4 tsp dried rosemary, or 2 tsp minced fresh
Salt and freshly ground black pepper
12 oz. frozen mixed vegetables
3 cups cooked shredded rotisserie chicken (breast and thigh meat)
1 1/2 cups (7.5 oz) unbleached all-purpose flour (scoop and level to measure)
2 tsp baking powder (preferably aluminum free)
1/4 tsp baking soda
1/2 tsp salt
6 Tbsp unsalted butter, cut into 6 pieces
3/4 cup + 1 Tbsp buttermilk, well chilled
1 Tbsp minced fresh parsley

Instructions
Preparing pot pie filling: Adjust oven rack to upper 1/3 of the oven. Preheat oven to 425 degrees.
Melt butter in a 12-inch wide by 2 1/4-inch deep cast iron skillet over medium heat. Add onions and saute until slightly golden brown, about 8 - 10 minutes.
Add flour and saute 1 minute longer.
While whisking slowly pour in chicken broth then half and half. Add thyme, rosemary and season with salt and pepper to taste.
Cook until it just lightly simmers, stirring constantly, then reduce heat to low and cook until it's just thickened slightly.
Mix in vegetables and chicken and cook about 30 seconds longer (it doesn't need to be fully heated through). Remove from heat and set aside.
Prepare biscuits: In a large mixing bowl whisk together flour, baking powder, baking soda and salt. Make a well in center of mixture, set aside.
Melt butter in a microwave safe dish until it's about 2/3 of the way melted. Remove and whisk to melt fully (if you melted it all the way no worries, just let the butter cool a few minutes).
Pour butter into buttermilk and whisk until mixture is clumpy.
Pour buttermilk mixture into well in flour mixture, then using a rubber spatula fold until just combined.
Scoop dough out Using an 1/4 cup volume ice cream scoop (or a greased measuring cup), and drop onto prepared pot pie filling in skillet. Repeat until all of the dough has been used up, making 8 biscuits.
Transfer to oven and bake until biscuits are cooked through, about 17 - 22 minutes, while broiling during the last minute if you'd like them more golden brown (keep a close eye on them).
Let rest a few minutes before serving. Sprinkle parsley over top.