Homemade Bagels

INGREDIENTS
FOR THE DOUGH
Cooking spray
1 1/2 c. lukewarm water
1 (1/4-oz.) packet active dry yeast (2 1/4 tsp.)
2 tsp. granulated sugar
4 c. bread flour, plus more for surface
2 tsp. kosher salt
1 tbsp. barley malt syrup
FOR BOILING
1 tbsp. barley malt syrup
FOR THE TOPPINGS
Egg wash
Poppy seeds
Sesame seeds
1 tbsp. sesame seeds
1 tbsp. poppy seeds
1 tbsp. minced garlic 
1 tbsp. minced onion
1 tbsp. flaky sea salt
Melted butter 
Cinnamon sugar
 
DIRECTIONS
Grease a large bowl with cooking spray. In a small bowl or glass measuring cup, add water and sugar and sprinkle yeast on top. Let sit until frothy, about 10 minutes. 
In the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with the dough hook, combine flour, salt, malt syrup, and yeast mixture. Mix on medium speed until dough is smooth and smacks against the side of the bowl and holds its shape, about 10 minutes. 
Place dough in prepared bowl and cover with a kitchen towel and let rise at room temperature for 1 ½ hours or until doubled in size. 
Line a large baking sheet with parchment paper and grease with cooking spray. Place dough on a floured surface and divide dough into 10 equally sized portions. Roll each portion into a smooth ball, then poke your index finger through the middle and stretch dough with your finger to create a ring. Place bagels on prepared baking sheet. Wrap in plastic wrap and refrigerate for at least 8 hours and up to overnight. 
Preheat oven to 425° and line two large baking sheets with parchment paper and grease well with cooking spray. Unwrap bagels, cover with a kitchen towel, and let sit at room temperature for 1 hour. 
To a large pot of water, add malt syrup. Bring to a boil. Working in batches of 2 to 3 at a time, add bagels to boiling water. Boil for 1 minute then flip and boil on other side for 1 minute more. Remove from water and place on prepared baking sheet. Repeat with remaining dough. 
For poppy seed or sesame seed: Brush bagels with egg wash on tops and sprinkle seeds over. Bake until deeply golden, 20 to 25 minutes. 
For everything seasoning: Combine sesame seeds, poppy seeds, minced garlic, minced onion, and sea salt in a small bowl. Bake bagels for 20 minutes, then remove from oven and brush with egg wash on top. Sprinkle with seasoning and bake until deeply golden, 5 minutes more. 
For cinnamon sugar: Brush bagels with egg wash and bake until deeply golden, 20 to 25 minutes. Let cool 10 minutes, then brush with melted butter and dip into cinnamon sugar. 