AWESOME CHOW MEIN

INGREDIENTS
6 ounces dried chow mein noodles*
2 tablespoons peanut oil (or olive oil)
4 cups sliced veggies (I used one bell pepper, one carrot, and 8 ounces shiitake mushrooms*)
4 scallions, thinly sliced (white and green parts separated)
3 cups shredded green cabbage (I used Napa cabbage)
3 large cloves garlic, minced
1 tablespoon minced fresh ginger
3 tablespoons oyster sauce
3 tablespoons shaoxing wine*
2 tablespoons low-sodium soy sauce
2 teaspoons toasted sesame oil
pinch of ground white pepper (or black pepper)
optional: chili garlic sauce or Sriracha, to taste (if you would like to make the sauce spicy)

INSTRUCTIONS
Make the stir-fry sauce. Whisk all of the ingredients together in a small bowl (or shake them together in a covered mason jar) until combined.  Set aside until ready to use.
Par-boil the noodles. Cook the noodles in a large stock-pot of salted water until they are just a minute or so shy of al dente.  (You want them to be nearly cooked, but still have a bit of a chewy bite.  They will finish cooking later in the sauté pan.)  Transfer the noodles to a strainer, rinse with lukewarm water and drain, then set aside until ready to add them to sauté pan below.
Sauté the veggies. Heat the oil in a large non-stick skillet or wok over high heat.  Add the veggies and white parts of the scallions and sauté for 2 to 3 minutes, stirring occasionally, until crisp-tender. Add the cabbage, ginger, and garlic and sauté for 2 more minutes, stirring occasionally, until the cabbage is softened and the garlic is fragrant.
Combine everything together. Add the cooked noodles to the sauté pan along with the sauce.  Cook for 1 to 2 more minutes, tossing the mixture occasionally, until the noodles are al dente.
Season. Taste the chow mein and add extra soy sauce and/or white pepper, if needed.  (I like my noodles salty and peppery so I usually add more of both, but it’s up to you.)
Serve. Serve immediately, sprinkled with the green parts of the scallions, and enjoy!