GREEN BEANS WITH BACON BREADCRUMBS

INGREDIENTS
5 slices of bacon, finely diced
3 cloves garlic, peeled and minced
1/4 cup slivered almonds
1/2 cup Panko breadcrumbs
1 tablespoon chopped fresh rosemary
fine sea salt and freshly-cracked black pepper
1 pound fresh green beans, ends trimmed

INSTRUCTIONS
Fry the bacon. In a large sauté pan (one that has an accompanying lid, or see alternatives below*), add the bacon.  Turn the heat to medium and cook, stirring occasionally, until the bacon reaches your desired level of crispiness.  Transfer the cooked bacon to a clean bowl and set aside.  There should be around 2 to 3 tablespoons of bacon grease remaining in the pan — scoop out 1 tablespoon to reserve for later in the recipe, and leave the rest of the grease in the pan.
Sauté the breadcrumb mixture. Add the garlic and slivered almonds to the pan and sauté for 1 minute, stirring occasionally.  Add in the Panko, rosemary, a pinch of salt and pepper and continue cooking for 4 to 5 minutes, stirring occasionally, until the Panko has turned an even golden color.  Transfer the mixture to the bowl with the bacon and toss to combine.  Give the mixture a quick taste, and season with extra salt and/or pepper if needed.
Steam-sauté the green beans. Briefly wipe any crumbs off of the sauté pan, then return it to the stove and increase the heat to medium-high.  Add the green beans, 1/3 cup water and a pinch of salt to the pan and give the green beans a quick toss.  Cover the pan securely with a lid and continue cooking the green beans until steam begins to seep out from the lid, then set the timer and continue cooking (steaming) the beans for 5 minutes.  Remove the lid and continue cooking for 1 to 2 minutes, stirring occasionally, until the remaining liquid has evaporated and the green beans are crisp-tender.  (If the beans reach your desired level of doneness earlier, just drain off the remaining water.)
Season the green beans. Add the reserved 1 tablespoon of bacon grease (or butter) to the pan and toss for 1 minute, until the green beans are evenly coated, and season the green beans with salt and pepper to taste.  Remove pan from heat.
Serve. Transfer half of the green beans to your serving dish and sprinkle evenly with half of the breadcrumb mixture.  Then add the remaining green beans on top, sprinkled with the remaining half of the breadcrumb mixture.  Serve warm and enjoy!