Benne Biscuits With Sausage Gravy

Ingredients
¾ cup (94 g) whole wheat flour
1 Tbsp. baking powder
2 tsp. kosher salt
3 cups all-purpose flour (375 g), plus more for surface
¼ cup toasted benne or sesame seeds, plus more for sprinkling
1 cup (2 sticks) chilled unsalted butter, cut into pieces, plus 2 Tbsp. melted for brushing
1½ cups buttermilk
4 Tbsp. unsalted butter
1 lb. pork breakfast sausage, casings removed
1 small onion, finely chopped
2 Tbsp. all-purpose flour
2 cups whole milk
1 tsp. apple cider vinegar
¾ tsp. crushed red pepper flakes

Preparation
BISCUITS
Preheat oven to 375°. Whisk whole wheat flour, baking powder, kosher salt, 3 cups all-purpose flour, and ¼ cup benne seeds in a large bowl. Work in 1 cup chilled butter, smashing with your hands until pieces are the size of dimes and peas. Add buttermilk; mix with a rubber spatula to bring together. Knead dough a couple of times in the bowl until there are no dry spots remaining.
Turn dough out onto a lightly floured surface; pat into a 6" square. Fold dough in half, then in half again to create a smaller square. Pat back out to make an 8" square, about 1" thick. Cut into 9 equal-size squares.
Transfer biscuits to a parchment-lined baking sheet, spacing 2" apart. Brush with 2 Tbsp. melted butter and sprinkle with sea salt and benne seeds. Bake until golden brown all over, 25–30 minutes.
GRAVY AND ASSEMBLY
Melt butter in a large skillet over medium heat. Add sausage and increase heat to medium-high. Cook, breaking up with a wooden spoon as it begins to brown, until browned and halfway cooked through, about 5 minutes. Add onion; cook, stirring often, until softened, about 5 minutes. Add flour and cook, stirring, 1 minute. Add milk and bring to a simmer, stirring vigorously to avoid lumps. Reduce heat; simmer until thick, about 5 minutes. Season with salt and a generous amount of black pepper. Stir in vinegar and red pepper flakes.
To serve, split 4 biscuits and divide among plates; ladle gravy over (you’ll have extra biscuits). Top with scallions and more black pepper.