HOW TO MAKE A THANKSGIVING GRAZING BOARD

Ingredients
Salami 
Turkey slices 
Brie 
Smoked cheddar 
Aged gouda 
Grapes 
Pears 
Cranberry sauce 
Crackers 
Baguette 
Honey
Mustard
Pecans
Dried Cranberries
Dried Apricots
Mini-pumpkins
Fresh rosemary

Instructions
I like to start my board with any larger items and dips and spreads. I find that the little bowls or dishes of spreads make great central pieces to “wrap” other food around. So here I have a bowl of cranberry sauce, two small cups with mustard and honey, and two mini-pumpkins. I also like to avoid having the board look too symmetrical, so I just sort of scattered these pieces around the board.
Next I added the grapes and pears because again, these are larger items that will be difficult to place once more ingredients are added. I left half of the pear whole for visual appeal. More pear can be sliced as the the board gets eaten (I actually purchased two pears, so I had an extra waiting to be sliced).
Next I went in with the cheeses. In addition to having a variety and flavors of cheeses, you want to present them in a variety of ways. Hard aged cheeses look beautiful when crumbled. Slicing cheeses, like cheddar, are great as slices or cubes, and softer cheeses are good to present whole or in larger pieces that people can slice off or scoop up as needed.
Now it’s time for the meat. Again, you want to present the meat in a variety of ways to really maximize the visual texture of the board. There isn’t a lot you can do with these little salami medallions, so I just piled them on to make the board look “abundant.” For the turkey slices, I rolled them into cigars. If you have thin slices of salami or cured meat, it’s fun to fold them in half, then in half again to create a sort of ruffled appearance.
Next came the crackers. I like to fan the crackers out and snake them around other items.
Now the board should be very full, save a few very small blank spots. I used small items like nuts and dried fruit to fill in the blanks.
And finally, I added a few rosemary sprigs as a garnish. The board looks abundant, full of color, texture, and flavor, while still having a distinct fall theme.