SHEET PAN EASTER DINNER

INGREDIENTS:
2 pounds medium red potatoes, thinly sliced
1 1/2 cups heavy cream
1/2 cup chicken stock
2 teaspoons chopped fresh thyme leaves
2 teaspoons chopped fresh rosemary
2 cloves garlic, minced
Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, to taste
3 tablespoons freshly grated Parmesan
3 tablespoons orange marmalade, melted
2 tablespoons chopped fresh rosemary
1/2 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper
2 (1-pound) ham steaks
3 slices fresh pineapple, cored and halved
1 pound asparagus, trimmed
2 tablespoons olive oil
1 clove garlic, minced
1 tablespoon lemon zest
Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, to taste
1 pound medium carrots, trimmed
2 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted
1 tablespoon honey
Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, to taste
1 1/2 cups all-purpose flour
1 tablespoon baking powder
2 teaspoons sugar
1/2 teaspoon kosher salt
3/4 cup plus 2 tablespoons heavy cream

DIRECTIONS:
Preheat oven to 425 degrees F. Lightly oil one baking sheet or coat with nonstick spray. Line an additional baking sheet with foil, building separate foil trays by folding a large piece of foil in half, and folding up the edges to create two trays; lightly oil or coat with nonstick spray.
FOR THE SCALLOPED POTATOES: In a large skillet over medium heat, combine potatoes, heavy cream, chicken stock, thyme, rosemary, garlic, 3/4 teaspoon salt and 1/2 teaspoon pepper. Bring to a boil; reduce heat and simmer, stirring occasionally, until reduced and potatoes are just tender but still firm, about 5-6 minutes.
Add potatoes in an overlapping pattern on the foil of the prepared baking sheet. Pour 3 tablespoons cream mixture over potatoes; sprinkle with Parmesan.
FOR THE HAM: In a small bowl, combine orange marmalade, rosemary and pepper.
Cut each ham steak into 6 pieces, discarding bone and any excess fat. Arrange ham and pineapple in a single layer next to the scalloped potatoes. Brush evenly with orange marmalade mixture.
FOR THE ASPARAGUS: Place asparagus in a single layer onto the second prepared baking sheet. Add olive oil, garlic and lemon zest; gently toss to combine. Season with salt and pepper, to taste.
FOR THE CARROTS: Place carrots onto the opposite side of the asparagus in a single layer. Stir in butter and honey; season with salt and pepper, to taste.
FOR THE BISCUITS: In a medium bowl, combine flour, baking powder, sugar and salt. Stir in heavy cream and stir using a rubber spatula until a soft dough forms. Working on a lightly floured surface, knead the dough 3-4 times until it comes together. Using a rolling pin, roll the dough into a 1-inch thick rectangle, trimming the edges. Using a sharp knife, cut dough into 6 square biscuits.
Place biscuits around the edges of the sheet pan with asparagus and carrots.
Place sheet pans into oven, on separate racks, and bake until asparagus and carrots are tender and biscuits are golden brown, about 14-16 minutes, rotating pans halfway through baking. Continue baking scalloped potatoes and ham until potatoes are cooked through, about 20-22 minutes.
Serve immediately.