Rough Puff Pastry

INGREDIENTS
1 1/4 cups (155 g) all-purpose flour
1/4 teaspoon salt
1 1/2 sticks (170 g) chilled unsalted butter , cut into 1/2 inch pieces
6-8 tablespoons (80-118 ml) ice water

INSTRUCTIONS
There are two methods for making rough puff pastry and you can choose whichever suits you.
The first method is pictured in the blog post above.  Add the chunks of butter to the flour and simply toss them with flour, then add the water and start working the dough with your hands until it comes together in a rough, chunky mass (the large chunks of butter will remain in the dough).  Then proceed with rolling out the dough.  Advocates of this method maintain that it produces flakier end results.
The other method is to pulse the chunks of butter and flour in a food processor until the mixture resembles coarse breadcrumbs, then add the water and work the dough until it comes together.  The proceed with rolling out the dough.
Both methods work, your choice.
For the following steps work very quickly when rolling out the dough so that the butter doesn't get too soft and smear.
Roll the dough out into a rectangle about 1/4 inch thick on a lightly flour work surface. Use a pastry cutter or similar to straighten out the sides of the dough.
Fold the short side of the rectangle down to the middle.  Then fold the bottom half up over the top half, folding it like a letter (see blog post for pictured illustrations).
Wrap the dough tightly in plastic wrap and freeze for 20 minutes.
Repeat the process again at least 4 times and up to as many times as you like, wrapping and freezing each time.  It's critical that the butter in the dough stays very cold so don't skip the freezing step.
After the final time of rolling, fold the dough like a letter again, wrap very tightly in plastic wrap, and store either in the fridge for up to 3 days or freeze (place the wrapped dough in a freezer bag) for up to a month. When you're ready to use it simply remove it from the freezer and let it thaw on the counter.
Use your rough puff pastry in any recipe calling for puff pastry. Be sure to chill the pastry for at least one hour before using it. 
Makes about 1 pound rough puff pastry.