White Bean Chili with Roasted Corn and Peppers

INGREDIENTS
10 whole poblano and Anaheim peppers (10 peppers total)
3 ears of corn OR 2 cans of corn , shuck the corn and cut the corn from the cob, or drain the corn if using canned
2 tablespoons high smoke point oil for roasting (I use avocado)
1 large yellow onion , chopped
3 cloves garlic , minced
2 tablespoons olive oil
2 15 ounce (850 grams) cans cannellini beans , rinsed and drained
6 cups (1.42 liters) quality chicken broth , or vegetable broth if vegetarian/vegan
2 tablespoons tomato paste
1 tablespoon homemade chili powder (click link for recipe)
1 teaspoon ground cumin
1 teaspoon ground coriander
1/2 teaspoon smoked paprika
1 1/2 teaspoons salt
1/4 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper
1 bay leaf
1/4 cup chopped fresh cilantro
1 tablespoon lime juice

INSTRUCTIONS
Roast the Peppers and Corn:
Heat the oven broiler. Cut the peppers in half, toss them with a tablespoon of oil, and place them cut side down on a lined baking sheet.  Place them roughly 6 inches from the broiler element.
Roast the peppers for about 10 minutes or until the skins are blackened and blistery.  Transfer the peppers to a bowl, cover tightly with plastic wrap, and let them sit for about 10 minutes until their skins come off easily. Peel off the skins of the peppers and roughly chop them.
To roast the corn, toss the corn in a tablespoon of oil and spread it out on the baking sheet.  Place it under the broiler and roast for 5-10 minutes, stirring occasionally, until they brown.
Set the roasted peppers and corn aside.
Make the Soup:
In a soup pot, heat the oil and saute the onions until soft and translucent,5-7 minutes.  Add the garlic and cook for another minute.
Add all the beans, corn, peppers, and spices to the pot along with the broth. Bring to a boil, reduce the heat to medium, cover, and simmer for 30 minutes.
Remove 2 cups of the soup and puree it in a blender until smooth. Return the pureed soup to the pot. Stir in the lime juice and cilantro. Add more salt and pepper to taste.