PEANUT BUTTER BLOSSOMS

INGREDIENTS
36 Hershey’s Kisses (or mini peanut butter cups)
1 1/3 cups all-purpose flour
1 teaspoon baking soda
3/4 teaspoon fine sea salt*
1/2 cup unsalted butter, room temperature
1/3 cup granulated (white) sugar, plus extra for rolling
1/3 cup packed light brown sugar
3/4 cup creamy peanut butter*
1 large egg
2 tablespoons milk
1 1/2 teaspoons vanilla extract

INSTRUCTIONS
Freeze Hershey’s kisses. Unwrap the Hershey’s kisses (or mini peanut butter cups), place them on a plate and chill in the freezer until ready to use.
Mix the dry ingredients. In a small mixing bowl, whisk together the flour, baking soda and salt until combined.
Mix the wet ingredients. Add the butter, white sugar and brown sugar to the bowl of a stand mixer. (Or alternately, you can use a hand mixer with a large mixing bowl.)  Beat the butter and sugars together on medium-high speed for 2 minutes, until light and fluffy.  Add in the peanut butter, egg, milk and vanilla extract and beat on low speed for 1 minute, until combined, pausing to scrape down the sides of the bowl whenever needed.  Add in the flour mixture and meet on low speed for 1 minute, until combined.
Chill the dough. Transfer the dough to a sealed food storage container and chill for about 1 hour.  (Or see a speedier chilling method in the notes below.)
Prep the oven and baking sheet. Heat the oven to 375°F and line a large baking sheet with parchment paper.
Prep the dough balls. Form the dough into a 1-tablespoon dough balls ball (I find it’s easiest to do this with a small cookie scoop), gently roll the balls in granulated white sugar until evenly coated, and place on the prepared baking sheet at least 2 inches apart.
Bake. Bake for 10 minutes, or until the cookies begin to slightly crack on top.
Add the kisses. Transfer the baking sheet to a wire cooling rack.  Then immediately take the frozen Hershey’s kisses and press them gently into the middle of the cookies.  Let the cookies cool to room temperature…then enjoy!