LINZER COOKIES

INGREDIENTS
2 cups all-purpose flour
1 cup almond flour
3/4 teaspoon fine sea salt*
1/2 teaspoon ground cinnamon (optional)
1 cup unsalted butter, room temperature
2/3 cup granulated white sugar
2 teaspoons vanilla extract
1/2 teaspoon almond extract (optional)
1 large egg
zest of 1 lemon or orange
powdered sugar, for dusting
any flavor of jam, for filling

INSTRUCTIONS
Combine the dry ingredients. Combine the all-purpose flour, almond flour, salt, and cinnamon (if using) in a medium mixing bowl, and stir until evenly combined.
Combine the wet ingredients. Add the butter and sugar to the bowl of a stand mixer (or you can use a hand mixer with a large mixing bowl) and beat on medium-high speed for 2 minutes until the mixture is light and fluffy.  Add the vanilla extract, almond extract (if using), egg and zest to the butter mixture and beat on low speed for 30 seconds until combined.
Add in the dry ingredients. Add the dry ingredient mixture and beat on low speed for 1 minute or so until combined, pausing to scrape down the sides of the bowl at any point if needed.
Chill the dough. Shape the dough into a disk about 1-inch thick, wrap tightly with beeswrap or plastic wrap, and refrigerate for 30-60 minutes or until chilled.
Prep the oven and baking sheet. Heat the oven to 350°F and line a large baking sheet with parchment.
Roll out the dough. Transfer the dough to a floured surface and using a rolling pin to roll it out until it is about 1/4-inch thick.  Cut out your desired shapes with your cookie cutters (half solid shapes, half with cut-out “windows”) and place them on the prepared baking sheet.  Re-roll out any dough scraps that remain and repeat the process to make use of all of the dough.  At this point, if the cut-out cookie dough seems soft and warm, it’s best to pop the entire cookie sheet in the fridge for 10 minutes to re-chill the dough.  Otherwise, proceed immediately with the next step.
Bake. Bake the cookies for about 11-13 minutes, or until the cookies are lightly golden around the edges.  Different sizes/shapes of cookies may require different amounts of cooking time, so I recommend keeping a close eye on the cookies during the final minutes or baking to be sure that they do not overcook.
Cool. Remove the baking sheet from the oven and let the cookies rest for a few minutes.  Then transfer the cookies to a wire rack until they have cooled completely to room temperature.
Assemble the cookies. Transfer the cut-out window cookies back to the baking sheet and use a fine mesh strainer to dust them with powdered sugar.  Then spread a dollop of jam on a solid cookie and gently place a window cookie on top to form a cute little Linzer cookie sandwich.  Repeat with remaining cookies and enjoy!