Ludo Lefebvre’s Roasted-Carrot Salad

INGREDIENTS
½  teaspoon ground cumin
1½  pounds small carrots, approximately5 inches in length, scrubbed clean andtops trimmed
1  bay leaf (fresh, scored)
1  head garlic, cut in half
5 to 7  sprigs fresh thyme
⅓  cup extra-virgin olive oil
 Kosher salt and freshly ground blackpepper to taste
2  blood oranges, juiced
1  tablespoon white vinegar
1  tablespoon granulated sugar
½  teaspoon kosher salt
⅓  cup extra-virgin olive oil
1  cup crème fraîche
1  tablespoon fresh lemon juice
2  teaspoons ground cumin
 Pinch kosher salt
½  small red onion, thinly sliced
1  tablespoon roughly chopped roastedalmonds
2  blood oranges, cut into supremes
1  tablespoon finely chopped fresh parsley
1  tablespoon finely chopped tarragon
1  tablespoon finely chopped chervil
1  tablespoon finely chopped chives
 Kosher salt or fleur de sel

PREPARATION
Preheat oven to 400. Toast the cumin for both the carrots and the crème fraîche in a small pan set over medium heat until it becomes aromatic. Remove from heat, and set aside.
Place carrots, bay leaf, split head of garlic, thyme and olive oil into a bowl, and mix them together. Sprinkle 1/2 teaspoon cumin over the carrots, and mix again.
Tip the carrot mixture onto a sheet pan, and spread evenly into one layer, then season with salt and pepper and place in oven. Roast until the carrots are soft and beginning to caramelize, 30 to 45 minutes.
Remove carrots from oven, discard aromatics and set aside to cool.
Meanwhile, make the vinaigrette. Combine blood-orange juice, vinegar, sugar and salt in a large mixing bowl, and whisk to incorporate. Slowly add the olive oil while continuing to whisk, until the dressing is emulsified. Add the carrots to the bowl, and toss to combine.
Make the cumin crème fraîche. Combine the crème fraîche, lemon juice and remaining toasted cumin in a mixing bowl, and stir to combine. Thin the mixture slightly with a few tablespoons of water. Add a pinch of salt.
Assemble the salad on a large serving plate. Put the crème fraîche in the center of the plate, and using the back of a spoon, spread it evenly across the bottom. Arrange the carrots on top of the crème fraîche. Sprinkle the onion and the nuts on top of the carrots, then add the supremes of blood orange. Sprinkle the herbs across the top of the salad, and finish with a pinch or two of salt. Make a mess when serving, so that everyone gets plenty of crème fraîche along with the vegetables.